Tangy Burgundy Parrot

medium

# Rounding Down in Platform Fee Deductions leads to loss of Fees

## Summary
There is a rounding error in _pickUpPlatformFees() function of LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol. It performs a multiplication and division to calculate fees without accounting for rounding, which could result in minor precision errors accumulating over time.

## Vulnerability Detail

This is how the function calculates the platform fees:

```solidity
uint256 platformFees = (fees * platformFeesBP) / Constants.BP;
```

It performs a simple multiplication and division without any rounding considerations. Over time as it gets called multiple times, small precision errors could accumulate and result in more platform fees being taken than intended.

## Impact

Each time `_pickUpPlatformFees()` executes there is an accumulative loss of platform fees to be collected. Over thousands of transactions, this could result in a significant loss of funds.

### Steps to Reproduce

1. A user performs an action that incurs a fee of 1,000 tokens.

2. The contract calculates the platform fees using the original method, which simplifies to 25 tokens.

3. In this specific instance, the calculation seems straightforward because the numbers are clean. However, the issue becomes apparent when dealing with numbers that don't divide evenly. Suppose the fee was 1,001 tokens instead of 1,000. The calculation would then be (1001 * 250) / 10000, which equals 25.025. Solidity would round this down to 25 tokens, thus slightly reducing the platform fees due to rounding.

4. Imagine thousands of transactions, some of which could have resulted in a fee amount leading to a fractional platform fee. Each time, the contract rounds down the fractional part, leading to a cumulative loss of platform fees.

5. Over time and across many transactions, the platform could lose a significant amount of fees due to this rounding behavior. This discrepancy can affect the platform's revenue projections and operational funding.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-leverage-contracts/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L1050C5-L1057C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use library like SafeMath