Huge Teal Octopus

high

# A borrower eligible for liquidation can pay an improperly large amount of fees, and may be unfairly liquidated

## Summary
If a borrower is partially liquidated and then increases the collateral balance to avoid further liquidation, they will pay an improperly large amount of fees and can be unfairly liquidated.
## Vulnerability Detail
The root cause is that partial emergency liquidation doesn't update `accLoanRatePerSeconds` (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-leverage-contracts/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L660-L666).

If a borrower is partially liquidated, fees will be increased by the entire collateral amount (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-leverage-contracts/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L604-L633):
```solidity
            (collateralBalance, currentFees) = _calculateCollateralBalance(
                borrowing.borrowedAmount,
                borrowing.accLoanRatePerSeconds,
                borrowing.dailyRateCollateralBalance,
                accLoanRatePerSeconds
            );
            ...
            if (collateralBalance > 0) {
                ...
            } else {
                currentFees = borrowing.dailyRateCollateralBalance; //entire collateral amount
            }
            ...
            borrowing.feesOwed += _pickUpPlatformFees(borrowing.holdToken, currentFees);
```
When liquidation occurs right after becoming liquidatable, the `collateralBalance` calculation in `repay()` above will be a small value like `-1`; and essentially all the fees owed will be collected.

If the borrower notices the partial liquidation and wishes to avoid further liquidation, `increaseCollateralBalance()` can be called to become solvent again. But since the `accLoanRatePerSeconds` wasn't updated, the borrower will have to doubly pay all the fees that were just collected. This will happen if a lender calls `harvest()` or the loan is liquidated again. The loan can also be liquidated unfairly, because the `collateralBalance` calculated above will be much lower than it should be.
## Impact
The borrower may pay too many fees, and it's also possible to unfairly liquidate the position.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-leverage-contracts/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L660-L666
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-leverage-contracts/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L604-L633
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Update `accLoanRatePerSeconds` for incomplete emergency liquidations.