Suave Tan Otter

medium

# `ApprovePayAndSwap::_maxApproveIfNecessary` does not work with some ERC20 tokens

## Summary
The `ApprovePayAndSwap::_maxApproveIfNecessary` relies on the boolean returned by the ERC20 approve function. However, some tokens do not return a boolean, and instead revert the transaction. If such an ERC20 token is used, then the following code in the `ApprovePayAndSwap::_maxApproveIfNecessary` will not execute, therefore not allowing allowances to be set on these tokens. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The `ApprovePayAndSwap::_maxApproveIfNecessary` function ensures that the allowance for a spender is at least the specified amount. If the current allowance is less than the specified amount, it attempts to approve the maximum possible value, and if that fails, it retries with the maximum possible value minus one. If both attempts fail, it reverts with an error indicating that the approval did not succeed.

It uses many `if` statements to try and approve allowances, relying on the boolean returned by the ERC20 approve function, which is called in `_tryApprove`. If a token is used that does not return a boolean and instead reverts, the following `if` statements will not be executed, not allowing allowances to be set.

## Impact
Denial of service of the `_maxApproveIfNecessary` function (since the following `if` statements cannot execute) for these tokens and inability to set allowances on them.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-leverage-contracts/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/ApproveSwapAndPay.sol#L82-L95

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-leverage-contracts/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/ApproveSwapAndPay.sol#L66-L71

As you can see, the `if` statements in `_maxApproveIfNecessary` check the bool returned by `_tryApprove` and depending on that value, it executes the next `if` statement. However, if such an ERC20 token does not return a bool on approve, then the function will revert.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use Openzeppelin SafeTransfer / SafeApprove
