Docile Scarlet Starfish

high

# When using the `borrow` function to update the `BorrowingInfo`, the previously accumulated fees were not distributed in time.

## Summary

When using the borrow function to update the `BorrowingInfo`, the previously accumulated fees were not distributed in time.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the function `borrow`, borrowers can increase the `borrowedAmount` and add new loan information. At the same time, the function `_initOrUpdateBorrowing` will accumulate borrowing fees that increase over time. The accumulated fees (`borrowing.feesOwed`) are not distributed, which benefits subsequent additional lenders. 

Here is an example:

1. Firstly, Alice borrowed $1000000(1e6) from Bob.
2. After some time, Alice borrows $200000(2e5) from David. At this time, the `borrow` function updates the `borrowing.feesOwed` to $10000(1e4), which should belong to Bob.
3. After some time, Alice call the `repay` function. The `borrowing.feesOwed` is updated to $11000. According to the implementation of the contract, Bob will receive $9167 (11000 * 1e6 / (1e6+2e5)), while David will receive $1833. In other words, Bob's fee is reduced.

## Impact

Fees received  by original lenders will be reduced. On the contrary, subsequent lenders will benefit.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-leverage-contracts/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/LiquidityBorrowingManager.sol#L394-L484

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Fees accumulated should be distributed in time.