Mammoth Lipstick Whale

medium

# Withdrawals from _v3SwapExactInput have no slippage protection so can be frontrun, stealing all user funds

## Summary
When a user withdraws their position through the _v3SwapExactInput , part of the unwinding process is to trade one of the released tokens for the other, so the borrow can be returned. This trade is done on Uniswap V3. The parameters are set in such a way that there is no slippage protection, so any MEV bot could see this transaction, aggressively sandwich attack it, and steal the majority of the user's funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

 
The issue exists in the swap, where Uniswap is called with the following function:

 function _v3SwapExactInput(
        v3SwapExactInputParams memory params
    ) internal returns (uint256 amountOut) {
        // fee must be non-zero
        (params.fee == 0).revertError(ErrLib.ErrorCode.INTERNAL_SWAP_POOL_REQUIRED);
        // Determine if tokenIn has a 0th token
        bool zeroForTokenIn = params.tokenIn < params.tokenOut;
        // Compute the address of the Uniswap V3 pool based on tokenIn, tokenOut, and fee
        // Call the swap function on the Uniswap V3 pool contract
        (int256 amount0Delta, int256 amount1Delta) = IUniswapV3Pool(
            computePoolAddress(params.tokenIn, params.tokenOut, params.fee)
  @>      ).swap(
                address(this), //recipient
                zeroForTokenIn,
                params.amountIn.toInt256(),
                zeroForTokenIn ? MIN_SQRT_RATIO + 1 : MAX_SQRT_RATIO - 1,
                abi.encode(params.fee, params.tokenIn, params.tokenOut)
            );
        // Calculate the actual amount of output tokens received
        amountOut = uint256(-(zeroForTokenIn ? amount1Delta : amount0Delta));
    }

The 4th variable is called sqrtPriceLimitX96 and it represents the square root of the lowest or highest price that you are willing to perform the trade at. In this case, we've hardcoded in that we are willing to take the worst possible rate (highest price in the event we are trading 1 => 0; lowest price in the event we are trading 0 => 1).

The uniswapV3SwapCallback() function doesn't enforce any additional checks. It simply sends whatever delta is requested directly to Uniswap.
    
    function uniswapV3SwapCallback(
        int256 amount0Delta,
        int256 amount1Delta,
        bytes calldata data
    ) external {
        (amount0Delta <= 0 && amount1Delta <= 0).revertError(ErrLib.ErrorCode.INVALID_SWAP); // swaps entirely within 0-liquidity regions are not supported

        (uint24 fee, address tokenIn, address tokenOut) = abi.decode(
            data,
            (uint24, address, address)
        );
        (computePoolAddress(tokenIn, tokenOut, fee) != msg.sender).revertError(
            ErrLib.ErrorCode.INVALID_CALLER
        );
        uint256 amountToPay = amount0Delta > 0 ? uint256(amount0Delta) : uint256(amount1Delta);
        _pay(tokenIn, address(this), msg.sender, amountToPay);
    }
While it is true that there is an amountRepay parameter that is inputted by the user, it is not sufficient to protect users. Many users will want to make only a small repayment (or no repayment) while unwinding their position, and thus this variable will only act as slippage protection in the cases where users intend to repay all of their returned funds.

With this knowledge, a malicious MEV bot could watch for these transactions in the mempool. When it sees such a transaction, it could perform a "sandwich attack", trading massively in the same direction as the trade in advance of it to push the price out of whack, and then trading back after us, so that they end up pocketing a profit at our expense.

Because many of the ICHI token pairs have small amounts of liquidity (for example, ICHI-WBTC has under $350k), such an attack could feasible take the majority of the funds, leaving the user with close to nothing. See more details on liquidity here: https://info.uniswap.org/#/tokens/0x111111517e4929d3dcbdfa7cce55d30d4b6bc4d6
## Impact
Users withdrawing their funds through the ApproveSwapAndPay who do not plan to repay all of the tokens returned from Uniswap could be sandwich attacked, losing their funds by receiving very little of their borrowed token back from the swap.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-leverage-contracts/blob/main/wagmi-leverage/contracts/abstract/ApproveSwapAndPay.sol#L197
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Have the user input a slippage parameter to ensure that the amount of borrowed token they receive back from Uniswap is in line with what they expect.

Alternatively, use the existing oracle system to estimate a fair price and use that value in the swap() call.